as homosexuals are allowed their civil
rights and so with prostitutes or
thieves or anyone else I'm not going to
be forced out of San Francisco by social
deviants and incorrigibles we need one
of our own in office we can have a
revolution here
I don't do losing there she is founder
campaign manager you are scared of girls
you'll be the first openly gay man
elected to major office
thank you part of the Machine society
can't exist without the family we're not
against that can two men reproduce no
but God knows we keep trying these
people are going to live a life I put
open homosexuality they are going to be
removed from their job we're gonna beat
this thing
we need everyone it was this flat
anti-gay laws in all 50 states
they're not like most whole set hoes i
on do you know a lot of homosexuals
death
bubi SAP and hafnium for home police
they probably wrote your minutiae it's
more than an issue this is our lives
about fighting for get the first bullet
understand
Oh
you try
wants to know comprising
without home life is not worth it
you gotta give them hope you got home